Hello, my name is Ubaldo Acosta. I hope
you're ready to begin. Let's review the
general agenda of Spring Framework
course. Are you ready? let's go
Starting: Introduction to the Spring
Framework. In this section we'll study an
Introduction to the Spring Framework.
We'll study some of the features of this
incredible Framework. We'll review a
3-layer architecture and the main
role played by Spring Framework. We'll
review a 3-layer architecture and
the main role played by a Spring
Framework. We'll discuss how he redefine
the development of enterprise
applications in Java. We'll also carry out
the installation of the tools that we'll
use throughout the course and we'll
create a first hello world project using
a Spring Framework. The basis: Spring
Framework Philosophy. In this section
we'll review the philosophy of Spring
which promotes a high cohesion and low
coupling between its components or Java
classes. In addition to using concepts
such as Aspect Oriented Programming (AOP)
We'll also discuss the concept of Spring
Factory, as well as the life cycle of
the beans in the Spring. We'll do an
exercise to put this concept into
practice. Dependencies: Dependency
Injection with Spring. We'll review the
concept of dependency injection. We'll
see what the control inversion is and
how a Spring implements this in the
factory or also known as a bean factory
We'll create an exercise to put this
topic into practice. AOP: Aspect
Oriented Programming. In this section
we'll analyze the concept of Aspect
Oriented Programming AOP and how Spring
implements this concept. In addition
we'll see the concept of transversal
functionality or cross calling and how
it relates to AOP. We'll also study the
AOP terminology. We'll do an exercise to
put into practice the use of AOP with
Spring Framework. Persistence: Spring
JDBC. In this section We'll study the Spring
JDBC theme and how he simplifies data
access to a Spring Framework by
improving several points of the JDBC API,
for example exception handling
JDBC template classes, among many
more improvements. We'll also review the
callback methods in Spring and how
they help us when using Spring JDBC
We'll create several exercises to put
all these concepts into practice
Applications of AOP: Handling
transactions with Spring. We'll see the
handling of transaction with Spring and
the characteristics of a transaction
We'll see how to define a transaction
manager object in a Spring Framework. We'll
review the types of transaction manager
objects that we can use in a Spring and
We'll see the attributes of a transaction.
We'll carry out an exercise to put these
concepts into practice. Integrations:
Spring Integration with JPA. We'll review a
3-layer architecture and the role
played by Spring and JPA in this
architecture. We'll also see how a Spring
integrates with JPA and the advantages
of this integration in this exercise.
We'll review an integration locally and
in the following exercise we'll use an
application server to use JTA in this
integration (Java Transaction API). We'll
create an exercise to put these concepts
into practice. Integrating Everything:
Real-world web application with JSF
Primefaces, Spring and JPA. We'll create
3-layer application where we'll use
JSF with primefaces as a presentation
layer and we'll see the integration with
Spring Framework in the business layer
and we will use JPA in the data layer
configuring it to use
JTA (Java Transaction API) to connect
to a database from a Java application
server
This application will serve as the basis
for your own Java Web and Enterprise
applications combining the mentioned
technologies
Broadly speaking, this the general
agenda of the Spring Framework course
These are just some of the many more
topics we learned throughout this course
So, if you're ready, let's start immediately:)